Update dual-stack node.status (#29532)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

      * `--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv4|--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` defaults to /24 for IPv4 and /64 for IPv6
   * kube-proxy:
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
   * kubelet:

>       * when there is no `--cloud-provider` the administrator can pass a comma-separated pair of IPs via `--node-ip`
>       to manually configure dual-stack `node.status.addresses`. HostNetwork pods will report these IPs in `.status.podIPs`.
>       All `podIPs` in a node will match the IP family preference defined by the `node.status.addresses` on that node.

Reviewer: Markdown indentation fix, plus wording tweaks:
```suggestion
      * when there is no `--cloud-provider` the administrator can pass a comma-separated pair
        of IP addresses via `--node-ip` to manually configure dual-stack `.status.addresses`
        for that Node.
        If a Pod runs on that node in HostNetwork mode, the Pod reports these IP addresses in its
        `.status.podIPs` field.
        All `podIPs` in a node match the IP family preference defined by the
        `.status.addresses` field for that Node.
```

      * `--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv4|--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` defaults to /24 for IPv4 and /64 for IPv6
   * kube-proxy:
      * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
   * kubelet:
      * when there is no `--cloud-provider` the administrator can pass a comma-separated pair
        of IP addresses via `--node-ip` to manually configure dual-stack `.status.addresses`
        for that Node.
        If a Pod runs on that node in HostNetwork mode, the Pod reports these IP addresses in its

>         `.status.podIPs` field.

Reviewer 2: The dual host-network podIPs applies to both cloud and non-cloud clusters. So, on non-cloud, you can specify dual `--node-ip`, and then you'll get dual host-network podIPs, and on cloud, the cloud provider can specify dual-stack `.status.addresses`, and then you'll get dual host-network podIPs.

Author: I thought that is assumed that all pods (hostNetwork too) will have dual-stack IPs  , this section is about configuring components, and cloud-provider users shouldn't have to touch anything ... do you feel this needs a better wording?

Reviewer 2: If this is only about configuring components, and it's already assumed that nodes with dual-stack addresses will have dual-stack hostNetwork podIPs, then isn't the explanation about podIPs here irrelevant and unnecessary?

Author: it's based on the feedback from users, the workflow is typically an user reporting: "my pods are not dualstack".
Then you realize,  "ah, so only hostNetwork pods" are not dual stack and explain this kubelet thing, and why the order of the node-ip parameters matters.
I don't know what else we can do for making this clearer :shrug:
